ah to fillet and skin a skate wing hi
and welcome to a video on how to fillet
a skate wing this is a skate wing here
and we're going to take it apart okay
I'm wearing gloves here because Vaes
does little hooks here on the skin and I
don't want to hurt myself with them so I
protect my hands with video glove first
thing we need to do I'm going to trim
the back swing it in then I'm going to
remove that part here that's got eh part
of the her head was here so I'm going to
cut this off I'm going to remove a
little bit here Sivir born is on there
it's one born that's going all over the
fish underneath here okay
one bone only to get to that bone we
need to trim a little bit some of that
skin here and meat so I'm going to cut
this off like that first and now here
you can see that's where my ball is here
or under okay so I need to get to that
before that I'm going to press my knife
on the bone here I'm going to follow it
this way what you want to be careful of
is not to cut through the bone make sure
you just stay on top of it okay looking
like that then I'm going to lift it I'm
going to start going inside who is my
knife
staying on the border just like that
see when you get towards here you just
sit straight down like that hey okay and
you keep going
yes it's Oh God here's one wing
that's what's left the eye so this is
all you're born here okay now we have
another feed a on the butter right here
it's much thinner than that one now it's
like half a wait still some good meat so
we're going to get that again I'm going
to trim that piece here like that that
we don't need then I put my knife on the
board I follow it this way so my blade
is kind of flat on the ball now and the
movement is that way see the knife
let's going this way inside and as I go
inside it gets deeper like that
at one point you just remove it all okay
I'm done here ii feel it hold on kin
that skate you will bring it here on the
edge of your cutting board and with your
knife you cut into it like that create a
little handle and then you just run when
i founder it this way okay up and then
you remove all the skin huh that's how
your skin your skate another way to do
that if you have a large fee that is you
could get inside here like that and then
make your way this way on there remove
the skin from the sound you just heard
here it's all those little hooks on the
skin but i ripping on the cutting board
so you could go this way too then you
turn it and well thank you for watching
i hope you enjoyed that to your
demonstration on how to fillet and skin
a skate wing if you liked it let me know
give me a thumbs up subscribe to my
channel and i see your own thank you